Update to ReceiptCases (#138)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/appendix-fr-boi-tva-decl-30-10-30/reference-tables/reference-tables.md

| `0x4652000000000013` | Protocol / Accounting / Audit<br />Has to be signed<br />Sign: Yes<br />Chain and national numbering: L<br />Details: Can be used by the POS system to log custom data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 1.2                 |
| `0x4652000000000014` | Protocol / Custom<br />Does not need to be signed<br />Sign: No<br />Chain and national numbering: No<br />Details: Can be used by the POS system to log custom data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |  1.2                |

> | `0x4652000000000015` | Archive<br />Has to be Signed<br />Sign: Yes<br />Chain and national numbering: A<br />Details: Will trigger automatically a daily closing.<br />Creates an archive starting with the first receipt of the queue (or first receipt after the last qrchive) and not more the 365 days.<br />To retrieve the export as zip-file (containing the certificate, ReceiptJournals and QueueItems) a normal `/journal`request has to be send to the `ftJournalType`: `0x4652000000000010`. The value of `ftQueueRow`in the response of this receiptcase has to be send in the `from`-parameter.<br />The contents of the retrieved zip-file can be verified with the _ExportTool_ for France published on GitHub.|  1.2                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `0x4652000000000015` | Archive<br />Has to be Signed<br />Sign: Yes<br />Chain and national numbering: A<br />Details: Will trigger automatically a daily closing.<br />Creates an archive starting with the first receipt of the queue (or first receipt after the last archive) until the last receipt before this request. It must not contain more than 365 days.<br />To retrieve the export as zip-file (containing the certificate, ReceiptJournals and QueueItems) a normal `/journal`request has to be send to the `ftJournalType`: `0x4652000000010010`. The value of `ftQueueRow`in the response of this receiptcase has to be send in the `from`-parameter.<br />The contents of the retrieved zip-file can be verified with the _ExportTool_ for France published on GitHub.|  1.2                |
```
